You are currently in the Django project. When you create a Django project, some files are automatically 
generated for your convenience. Here is a list and breakdown of these default files:

~~~DEFAULT FILE DESCRIPTIONS~~~

1. manage.py
    -a command-line utility that comes with every Django project. It provides a convenient way to interact with your Django project and perform various tasks, such as running development servers, creating database tables, and managing migrations.
    -You can use manage.py to run commands like runserver, migrate, createsuperuser, and more.
2. The project directory
    -The project directory is a directory with the same name as your Django project.
    -Inside the project directory the following files are automatically generated:

        1. __init__.py: 
            -This empty file tells Python that the directory should be treated as a Python package. It's required for any directory that you want to import modules from.
        2. asgi.py:    (Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface )
            -This file is used for deploying Django projects with asynchronous web servers like Daphne or Uvicorn. It provides an entry point for handling asynchronous web requests.
        3. settings.py: 
            -A critical configuration file for your Django project. It contains various settings that control how your project behaves, such as database configuration, middleware, installed apps, and more.
            -You'll often spend time customizing this file to configure your project according to your specific requirements.
        4. urls.py: 
            - Defines the URL routing for your Django project. It maps URLs to views, which are Python functions that handle web requests.
            -You define the URL patterns and the corresponding view functions in this file.
        5. wsgi.py     (Web Server Gateway Interface)
            -This file is used for deploying Django projects with traditional web servers like Apache or Nginx. It provides an entry point for handling web requests.
3. The application directory
    -The application directory called 'auditory_skills' 
~~~RUNNING THE DJANGO DEVELOPMENT SERVER~~~

To run the Django development server, make sure you are first in the directory of your django project. Then run..
    python manage.py runserver
The default port number is 8000 here. Go to a web browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:8000/ 
This is Django's development server's built-in web server, which is minimal and purely for development convenience.

When you run your the django application, you should see that a new directory labeled __pycache__ is generated/updated in the
project subdirectory as well as a 'db.sqlite3' in the project root directory. 

    __pycahce__: The __pycache__ directory is automatically generated by Python to store compiled bytecode files (.pyc) of your Python source code. These bytecode files are used to improve the performance of importing and running Python modules.

    db.sqlite3:  The default database file used by Django during development. You'll interact with this database when you define data models and work with database queries in your Django application. It's essential for storing your application's data locally during development and testing.
